update installation documentation for tardis (#2460)
tardis-sn/tardis: docs/installation.rst

    $ conda create --name tardis --file conda-{platform}-64.lock
    $ conda activate tardis

> 3. a. Developers should `fork the repository <https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis/fork>`_, configure

Reviewer: There should be a somewhere that the conda.lock file downloaded in 1. from the latest (or really any) releasemight not match the conda.lock file from the current master branch/ the forked repository. See issue #2429

Developers should imo create their conda environment using the conda lockfile from the cloned/ forked tardis repository, not the release.

Reviewer 2: Please change line 33 to "$ wget -q https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis/blob/master/conda-{platform}-64.lock"

      .. note::

        The complete developer guidelines can be found :ref:`here <developer_guidelines>`.
        
    b. Non-developers can install from specific releases using pip-

      ::

        $ pip install git+https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis.git@{tag}

      For example- 

      ::
      

>         $ pip install git+https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis.git@release-2023.09.17

Reviewer 3: The release tag chosen needs to explicitly match the release tag of the environment file to guarantee compatibility. This should be made very clear in the docs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        $ pip install git+https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis.git@release-<yyyy.mm.dd> 
        
        Please fill in the year, month, and date of the released version you want to use.
```

      .. note::

        The complete developer guidelines can be found :ref:`here <developer_guidelines>`.
        
    b. Non-developers can install from specific releases using pip-

      ::

        $ pip install git+https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis.git@{tag}

      For example- 

      ::
      
        $ pip install git+https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis.git@release-{yyyy.mm.dd} 
        
        Please fill in the year, month, and date of the released version you want to use.

      or trying the most recent, unreleased changes from upstream.

      ::

        $ pip install git+https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis.git@master

4. Once finished working, you can deactivate your environment.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add "$ wget -q https://github.com/tardis-sn/tardis/releases/latest/download/conda-{platform}-64.lock" in line 110 with the same indentation with the line below that "$ conda update xxx"
